Resume
- Absolutely no spelling errors
- Language should match how you should actually speak (don't use weird words)
- No Objective statement - you want a job, we know
- No Address
- No location of previous companies
- No "hobbies/interests" - they don't care
- Time frames at other jobs (if there are gaps, etc.) are important

Maximize skills that are valued by employer
Minimize things that are just fluff 
Close things that don't contribute to you getting the job

Giving level for how good you are at certain skills not necessarily helpful - people have different scales to measure
Show languages that company you are applying for is looking for

Dates - not important for when you got a degree, don't write it.
GIve relevant info for organizations you are part of

Hiring Manager always asks themselves "What's in it for me?" Hmmm weird question

Do you look at github account and do a ton of in-depth research? If you need more "confirmation" that they are qualified. Link to github? Make sure you are contributing, not just forking other people's stuff. Show what you yourself built.

Interview
Practice x3
Get good at communication and listening! Answer question that they are asking
Whiteboard interviews - everyone uses them, you need to know how to do them - learn how to adapt, but don't try and change it.
"Don't leave anything on the table" - seize upon opportunities - give good info, make them want to hire you, don't just give short two-word responses. Nate Bartling - "show them what you can do!"

Know what you want in your career. Know what you want! 
Help people, even when you know they can't help you back.
Find a mentor. Those connections matter when you run into a crisis. Networking is important

Q: Personal portfolio site? Little experience on it, can hurt you. It needs to validate you. It can help you a lot. Should represent the best of you.
General knowledge and computer science fundamentals can usually be more helpful than knowing specific syntax of a language.
Always play to your strengths - guide focus on those things, steer away from weaknesses.
